
ADPlus Engine Version: 7.01.007 08/11/2011
Command line arguments used were: 
-crash -o C:\Dump -pn MyApp.exe 
Output Directory: C:\Dump
Output Dumps Directory: C:\Dump\20180616_220556_Crash_Mode


==== ADPlus Engine Settings ====

ADPlus built-in key words:
   CUSTOMDUMP = /mdi
   CUSTOMDUMPOVER = 
   DLLS = !dlls
   EVENTLOG = !elog_str
   FULLDUMP = /mA
   FULLDUMPOVER = 
   HANDLE = !handle 0 0
   HEAP = !heap 0 -k
   LOADEDMODULES = lmv
   LOCKS = !locks
   LOG = 
   MATCHINGSYMBOLS = lml
   MINIDUMP = /mdi
   MINIDUMPOVER = 
   NOTIFY = !net_send
   STACK = kvn250
   STACKS = 
   THREADTIME = .ttime
   THREADUSAGE = !runaway
   TIME = .time
   VOID = 

Default Exception Behavior:
    Action1: Log;Time;Stack;MiniDump
    Return1: GN
    Action2: Log;Time;Stack;FullDump;EventLog
    Return2: Q
Default Event Behavior:
    Action1: Log
    Return1: GN

Exceptions:
av-AccessViolation
    Default behavior
ch-InvalidHandle
    Default behavior
ii-IllegalInstruction
    Default behavior
dz-IntegerDivide
    Default behavior
c000008e-FloatingDivide
    Default behavior
iov-IntegerOverflow
    Default behavior
lsq-InvalidLockSequence
    Default behavior
sov-StackOverflow
    Default behavior
aph-Application_hang
    Default behavior
cce-Ctl_C_Console_app
    Default event behavior
dm-Data_misaligned
    Default behavior
gp-Guard_page_violation
    Default behavior
ip-In_page_IO_error
    Default behavior
isc-Invalid_system_call
    Default behavior
sbo-Stack_buffer_overflow
    Default behavior
eh-CPlusPlusEH
    Action1: Log;Time;Stack
    Return1: GN
    Action2: Log;Time;Stack;FullDump;EventLog
    Return2: Q
*-UnknownException
    Action1: Log;Time;Stack
    Return1: GN
    Action2: Log;Time;Stack;FullDump;EventLog
    Return2: Q
clr-NET_CLR
    Action1: VOID
    Return1: GN
    Action2: Log;Time;Stack;FullDump;EventLog
    Return2: Q
bpe-CONTRL_C_OR_Debug_Break
    Action1: Log;Time;Stacks;MiniDump
    Return1: VOID
wkd-Wake_Debugger
    Action1: Log;Time;Stacks;MiniDump
    Return1: GN
ld-DLL_Load
    Default event behavior
ud-DLL_UnLoad
    Default event behavior
epr-Process_Shut_Down
    Action1: Log;Time;EventLog;Stacks;FullDump;ThreadUsage
    Return1: Q

Last script command: 
Debugger: cdb.exe


==== Additional Settings ====

Quiet mode = True

==== End of settings output ====

Attaching to 2832 - MyApp in Crash mode 06/16/2018 22:05:57
